docs: add new section to help developing the plugin-sdk. (#23231)
bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton: docs/docs/plugins.md

export interface FloatingWindowProps {
  id: string;
  dataTest: string;
  ...
}
```

---

#### 4. Publish the changes to the projects needed

To verify your change, you’ll need to test it in a sample plugin and in the BigBlueButton client.

For new features, it’s best to create a new sample plugin. However, in this example, we'll use the existing `sample-floating-window-plugin`.

Follow these steps to build and publish the SDK to both the sample plugin and `bbb-html5`:

```bash
# From the SDK root
npm install
npm run build

# Ensure dependencies are installed in both target projects
cd ~/path/to/bigbluebutton-html5
npm install
cd -

cd samples/sample-floating-window-plugin
npm install
cd -

# Publish SDK changes to both the BBB client and the sample plugin
./scripts/publish-to-project-folder.sh ~/path/to/bbb-html5
./scripts/publish-to-project-folder.sh samples/sample-floating-window-plugin
```

This ensures the changes in the SDK are applied to both the BigBlueButton client and the plugin sample.

> **Optional:** To publish the SDK to all sample plugins at once, use:
> ```bash
> ./scripts/publish-to-samples.sh
> ```

---

#### 5. Update the BigBlueButton Client (`bbb-html5`)

> Now apply the necessary changes in the `bbb-html5` repository. For our example, update the following files to pass and use the new `dataTest` prop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now apply the necessary changes in the  bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton repository in the `bigbluebutton-html5` directory. For our example, update the following files to pass and use the new `dataTest` prop:
```

**File:** `imports/ui/components/floating-window/component.tsx`

```tsx
const renderComponent = (
  elementRef: React.MutableRefObject<null>,
  ...
  dataTest: string,
) => (
  <Styled.FloatingWindowContent
    ref={elementRef}
    id={key}
    data-test={dataTest}
    ...
  />
);
```

Update the container (`imports/ui/components/floating-window/container.tsx`) logic to pass `dataTest` down to the `renderComponent`.

---

#### 6. Update the Sample Plugin

> After the SDK is built and published, you can update the sample plugin to use the new `dataTest` property accordingly. And test it (using the [development mode](#running-the-plugin-from-source), for example) against the `bbb-html5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the SDK is built and published, you can update the sample plugin to use the new `dataTest` property accordingly. And test it (using the [development mode](#running-the-plugin-from-source), for example) against the BigBlueButton's client (`bigbluebutton-html5`).
```

**File:** `imports/ui/components/floating-window/component.tsx`

```tsx
const renderComponent = (
  elementRef: React.MutableRefObject<null>,
  ...
  dataTest: string,
) => (
  <Styled.FloatingWindowContent
    ref={elementRef}
    id={key}
    data-test={dataTest}
    ...
  />
);
```

Update the container (`imports/ui/components/floating-window/container.tsx`) logic to pass `dataTest` down to the `renderComponent`.

---

#### 7. Update the Sample Plugin

After the SDK is built and published, you can update the sample plugin to use the new `dataTest` property accordingly. And test it (using the [development mode](#running-the-plugin-from-source), for example) against the BigBlueButton's client (`bigbluebutton-html5`).

---

#### 8. Submitting Pull Requests

Once all changes are complete and tested:

- Commit the changes in the `bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk` (all needed to run the feature/fix and the changes made to the sample);
- In the `bigbluebutton-html5` client **do not reference a version number** for the SDK in `package.json` yet. Instead, use the commit hash from your SDK changes

Example:

```json
"dependencies": {
  ...

>   "bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk": "https://codeload.github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk/tar.gz/<commit-hash-id>"

Reviewer 2: FYI: In my tests I used a different approach referencing the PR instead of the commit:
`https://codeload.github.com/bigbluebutton/bigbluebutton-html-plugin-sdk/tar.gz/refs/pull/181/head`

This way looks a bit simpler in my opinion.

Author: Hm, interesting, that way you reference the PR itself and not a specific commit, and by doing that, the developer won't need to change the CORE for every new commit they do in the SDK, is that correct?
